ORIGINAL	TRANSLATION
0 is horizontal, 90 is vertical.	
AWM1 Grid	
AWM2 Grid	
AWT Grid	
Alessandro Perego	
Angle (in degrees)	
Average 2 With Thereshold for Grids calculates average in X and Y distances unsing only the values that differ form central pixel less than a specified threshold. Each value has a weight which is inversely proportional to the distance (method 1).	
Average 3 With Thereshold for Grids calculates average in X and Y distances unsing only the values that differ form central pixel less than a specified threshold. Each value has a weight which is inversely proportional to the distance (method 2).	
Average With Mask 1	
Average With Mask 1 calculates average for cells specified by a mask grid. Cell excluded by the mask grid are NOT used in the average calculation.	
Average With Mask 2	
Average With Mask 2 calculates average for cells specified by a mask grid. However cell excluded by the mask grid are used in the average calculation for right pixels.	
Average With Thereshold 1	
Average With Thereshold 2	
Average With Thereshold 3	
Average With Thereshold for Grids calculates average in X and Y distances unsing only the values that differ form central pixel less than a specified threshold. It's useful to remove noise whit a known maximum reducing the loss of informations	
Contributions - A. Perego	
Contributions from Alessandro Perego.	
Contributions|A. Perego	
Destriped Grid	
Destriping 1	
Destriping 2	
Directional Average 1	
Input	
Low-pass 1	
Low-pass 2	
Main Radius	
Mask Grid	
Mask Max	
Mask Min	
Mask value	
Max	
Min	
New grid filtered with the A1WiTh module	
New grid filtered with the A2WiTh module	
New grid filtered with the A3WiTh module	
New grid filtered with the AvWiMa1 module	
New grid filtered with the AvWiMa2 module	
New grid filtered with the destriping1 module	
New grid filtered with the destriping2 module	
New grid filtered with the directional1 module	
Output Grid	
R:Filter for Grids	
Radius	
Radius X	
Radius Y	
Step 1: low-pass of stripe	
Step 2: low-pass between stripe and its surruondings	
Stripes distance	
The values in the specified radius is used in the average calculation only if its difference with the central value is lesser or equal to this threshold.	
This grid indicates the cells you want calculate the average.	
This grid is used to select cells.	
This must be your input data of type grid.	
Threshold	
Transversal radius	
Value of right cells in the Mask Grid	
destriping1 filter for Grids	
destriping2 filter for values in a specified range (min-max)	
directional1 average for Grids	
